This is an example text;
This is an eXaMpLeee text. This is an exampleee text.
This is an EXAMPLE text. This is an EEXAMPLEEEE text. Example EXAMPLE ExAmPlE ExampleExample

This is an example text:
Music can be the most important and powerful things of anyone life who loves to listen or play music and know its importance in their life. One who listen or play music never get fed up of any problems in the life. It helps in distressing and relaxing the mind as well as motivates to do something better in the life. Many people love to listen and play music at many occasions or events.
Some of the people become used to of listening music in their all time, for example in the office, home on the way, etc. It keeps away from all the problems of life and gives solutions. Now-a-days, there is a trend of playing slow music in the offices of big companies while employees are working in order to keep mind fresh, peaceful, concentrate, bring positive thoughts as well as increasing the performance of the employees.

I got my music loving habit in the generation from parents and grandparents because my father and grandfather were very fond of listening music. Slow music always run in my home from morning till night. I don’t know much about the musical compositions but I generally like to listen music whenever I travel or during my study time. For example, on the weekend, we dance, listen music or play music with family at home or at picnic on any favorite place. Music touches my soul and spirit and makes me realize that I have no any problems in this world.

Music is very powerful and has ability to convey positive messages to all sorts of emotion without telling and asking anything to anyone. It is voiceless however tells everything and shares all the problems more than the human being. Music has inspiring and promoting nature which increases the concentration power of the human being by removing all the negative thoughts.

another example;

Music is the thing which helps us in re-memorizing our good memories of the past with our loved ones and dear ones. It has no limitations, drawbacks and guidelines; it only needs anyone to listen or play passionately with full devotion. When we listen music for example, it brings amazing feeling in the heart and mind which connects our spirit to the supernatural power of God. There is a very true saying about the music that “music imitates life and life imitates music”. Being inspired, I also started learning music and playing guitar and hope would be a good music player a day.